Replaced create/update commands with deploy (#479)
Snowflake-Labs/snowcli: RELEASE-NOTES.md

* Update function or procedure will upload function/procedure code to new path on stage. Previous code will remain under old path on stage.
* Snowpark command `compute-pool` and its alias `cp` were replaced by `pool` command.
* `snow snowpark registry` was replaced with `snow registry` command.
* Removed `snow streamlit create` command. Streamlit can be deployed using `snow streamlit deploy`
* `snow connection test` now outputs all connection details (except for the password), along with connection status

> * Removed `snow snowpark function creat` and `snow snowpark function update`. Procedures can be deployed using `snow snowpark function deploy`
> * Removed `snow snowpark procedure creat` and `snow snowpark procedure update`. Procedures can be deployed using `snow snowpark procedure deploy`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Removed `snow snowpark function create` and `snow snowpark function update`. Functions can be deployed using `snow snowpark function deploy`.
* Removed `snow snowpark procedure create` and `snow snowpark procedure update`. Procedures can be deployed using `snow snowpark procedure deploy`.
```

Author: I added missing `.` in other points too

* Split global options into separate section in `help`.
* Avoiding unnecessary replace in function/procedure update.
* Added global options to all commands.
* Updated help messages.
* Fixed problem with Windows shortened paths.
* If only one connection is configured, will be used as default.
* Fixed registry token connection issues.
* Fixes in commands belonging to `snow snowpark compute-pool` and `snow snowpark services` groups.
* Removed duplicated short option names in a few commands by:
  * Removing `-p` short option for `--password` option for all commands (backward incompatibility affecting all the commands using a connection) (it was conflicting with various options in a few commands).
  * Removing `-a` short option for `--replace-always` in `snow snowpark function update` command (it was conflicting with short version of `--check-anaconda-for-pypi-deps`).
  * Removing `-c` short option for `--compute-pool` in `snow snowpark jobs create` (it was conflicting with short version of global `--connection` option).
  * Removing `-c` short option for `--container-name` in `snow snowpark jobs logs` (it was conflicting with short version of global `--connection` option).

> * Fixed parsing of specs yaml in `snow snowpark services create` command.

Reviewer 2: Let's try to separate such changes, in case of cp or searching git log it will create confusion
